>> Steve Kinney: We've got a comment form.
It doesn't do anything yet because we have
a no out function in here for uncreate.
So we'll say,
>> Steve Kinney: createComment.
>> Steve Kinney: console.log(comment).
>> Steve Kinney: We'll use that down
here just to make sure it works.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's
go back to my console.
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
let's take a look at the createComment
cuz it's definitely clearing it out and
doing something.
I think we might have to actually
call the onCreate, let's see.
Comments pass this onCreate.
Cool, so
we'll just say this.props.onCreate.
Now, what we can do here?
If we have the post ID,
we could pass it all the way down
like we were doing in the post before
where we weren't passing functions
from the application all the way down.
We could totally refactor and do that.
But let's get it working, and
then we can decide to do that.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, so it looks
like I've got some fun things here
which is an error missing or
insufficient permissions.
I'm not totally sure where
that's coming from yet, but
I know that I don't have the ability
to actually make comments.
So that's a thing.
I also likely don't have
the ability to read comments,
right, because we never
made that security rule.
[LAUGH] So it is very likely that me
trying to get the comments is not a thing.
Again this is why sometimes,
like, we'll leave it wide open,
when we're first developing.
So if I just go ahead and
we comment this out,
>> Steve Kinney: There is no error now so
now we know what the problem was.
The problem was we don't have
permission to read comments,
so let's go ahead and fix that.
We'll go to rules,
this time for the database.
>> Steve Kinney: Remember we saw earlier
when discussing security rules that
we can nest them, right?
So we say match
/comments/(commentId).
And I think anyone can read them.
That seems fine.
And,
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah,
if they're logged in, go for it.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, no more error.
>> Student: Is it possible to add
the star, like everything after that line?
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah,
I could totally do that.
I [CROSSTALK] My heart says don't.
>> Student: Yeah, yeah.
>> Steve Kinney: I don't
know how that could totally,
cuz I could make all sorts
of weird collections, right?
I tend to keep it super restrictive,
but yeah you could.
All right, so we've got comments there.
>> Steve Kinney: CreateComment,
so that would be what?
This.commentsRef, this is why it's
nice to just cache them somewhere and
give yourself shortcuts,
this.commentsRef.add.
And we'll say all this stuff
from the comment I really
need the user to know the rest
of that information, right?
I don't have access to the user in here.
And then you'll point it out,
we have all this neat stuff for
used context with a functional component.
But we don't have a way to get the user.
We have ways, but we don't have a really
nice way to get the user the same way
we did in those functional ones before,
but
there's inspiration in this withRouter,
right?
If that can give us all
the route information,
imagine one that could give
us all the user information.
So we're gonna start with just that.
>> Steve Kinney: Just an empty, a comment
with no author and see how it goes for us.
>> Steve Kinney: Right, cool.
I have default props that are just
filling in the rest of it,
so it's not like there was magic in there.
It's just that, if nobody passes in
a username, I chose Bill Murray.
Mostly for the site philmurray.com
which is like placeholder art
that is all Bill Murray.
Cool, so
we can see we can make comments now.
I wanna check that out in
the database real quick.
>> Steve Kinney: You see posts and
now posts can have comments.
Comments can have content, right?
So we can kind of keep nesting down and
see that all in Cloud Firestore as well.